=head1 NAME
  
uSAC::HTTP::Site::Delegate - Site route delegation

=head1 DESCRIPTION


A site delegate provides an alternative way of grouping related functionallity
across related routes, separating routing structure from application logic.

B<IMPORTANT>

A site delegate is B<ANY> package or object which respondes to the
routines/methods documented here. As all calls to a delegate B<MUST> be
performed with the '->' notation, it does not matter what the callee is.

A hook must return either nothing or a sub reference. THe reference is actually called with the parameters to the hook core.
  
  First argument is the site object

Delegates hooks are only consolted at configuration time, which is syncrhonous. This means the arguments to the routine/method 

It essentially is another way of setting up middleware
on a route.

All middleware setup routines return a list of middlewares. The extra
flexiblity a delegate provides is:

=over

=item  A subroutine or method name as a string

The name is resolved via the package/object

=item Automatic route addition

If the delegate implements the auto function, any routes defined there will be
automatically added to the site when the delegate is set.

=item Implicit Path to Route mapping

A string path has '/' replaced with '__' and this becomes the name a
method/function to return middleware chain. This makes very consise routing file indeed.

=item Common middleware

A _middleware subroutine is called for any implicit paths/routes, prepending to the route.

=back

